Rename security_policies table to host_data (#4374)
microsoft/CCF: doc/audit/builtin_maps.rst

.. note:: On versions ``3.0.0-dev1`` and below, value was an enum with one possible value ``ALLOWED_TO_JOIN``

> ``nodes.host_data``

Reviewer: nodes.snp.host_data, or nodes.snp_host_data (I would prefer the former, just to group the snp tables)

Author: 5143a02dcb85d2aacabb5c1fd88e756aed95166a

> ``nodes.host_data``
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``nodes.host_data``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> Host data for nodes that can join the current network on :doc:`SNP <../operations/platforms/snp>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attestation report host data field for nodes that are allowed to join the current network on :doc:`SNP <../operations/platforms/snp>`.
```
